capital = 330

oob = "MON_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	limited_conscription
}

recruit_character = MON_anandyn_amar
recruit_character = MON_mingzhu_zhanshan
recruit_character = MON_fu_shangzhi
recruit_character = MON_songgotu_kangan
recruit_character = MON_haidav
recruit_character = MON_dagva
recruit_character = MON_chimid
recruit_character = MON_sukhbaataryn_yanjmaa
recruit_character = MON_ganbaatar
recruit_character = MON_ulanhu
recruit_character = MON_vg_pyrselov
recruit_character = MON_lee_shou_hsin
recruit_character = MON_buyannmeh
recruit_character = MON_horloogiyn_choybalsan
recruit_character = MON_olziytrygyn_badrak
recruit_character = MON_dashdorj
recruit_character = MON_gomgchigryn_bumtsend
recruit_character = MON_dansrabilegyin_dogsam
recruit_character = MON_yundunwangcug
recruit_character = MON_pai_yun_ti
recruit_character = GER1_wilhelm_pieck
recruit_character = GER1_konrad_adenauer
recruit_character = GER1_adolf_hitler
recruit_character = GER1_albert_kesselring
recruit_character = GER1_alfred_jodl
recruit_character = GER1_alfred_saalwachter
recruit_character = GER1_erhard_milch
recruit_character = GER1_erich_bey
recruit_character = GER1_erich_raeder
recruit_character = GER1_erich_von_manstein
recruit_character = GER1_ernst_udet
recruit_character = GER1_ernsteberhard_hell
recruit_character = GER1_erwin_rommel
recruit_character = GER1_erwin_von_witzleben
recruit_character = GER1_ewald_von_kleist
recruit_character = GER1_fedor_von_bock
recruit_character = GER1_felix_steiner
recruit_character = GER1_ferdinand_schorner
recruit_character = GER1_franz_halder
recruit_character = GER1_friedrich_paulus
recruit_character = GER1_friedrich_schulz
recruit_character = GER1_georg_von_kuchler
recruit_character = GER1_georghans_reinhardt
recruit_character = GER1_GER1d_von_rundstedt
recruit_character = GER1_hermann_goring
recruit_character = GER1_gotthard_heinrici
recruit_character = GER1_gunther_lutjens
recruit_character = GER1_gunther_von_kluge
recruit_character = GER1_hasso_von_manteuffel
recruit_character = GER1_heinz_guderian
recruit_character = GER1_heisenberg
recruit_character = GER1_hermann_boehm
recruit_character = GER1_hermann_hoth
recruit_character = GER1_hugo_sperrle
recruit_character = GER1_johannes_blaskowitz
recruit_character = GER1_karl_donitz
recruit_character = GER1_kurt_student
recruit_character = GER1_ludwig_beck
recruit_character = GER1_maximilian_von_weichs
recruit_character = GER1_otto_ciliax
recruit_character = GER1_paul_hausser
recruit_character = GER1_ritter_von_greim
recruit_character = GER1_sepp_dietrich
recruit_character = GER1_viktor_schutze
recruit_character = GER1_von_braun
recruit_character = GER1_walter_kruGER1
recruit_character = GER1_walter_model
recruit_character = GER1_walther_von_brauchitsch
recruit_character = GER1_walther_wever
recruit_character = GER1_werner_von_fritsch
recruit_character = GER1_wilhelm_keitel
recruit_character = GER1_wilhelm_list
recruit_character = GER1_wilhelm_marschall

recruit_character = GER1_wilhelm_ritter_von_leeb
recruit_character = GER1_wolfram_von_richthofen

recruit_character = GER1_heinrich_himmler
recruit_character = GER1_walther_funk
recruit_character = GER1_hjalmar_schacht
recruit_character = GER1_julius_leber
recruit_character = GER1_albert_speer
recruit_character = GER1_hans_oster
recruit_character = GER1_theodor_heuss
recruit_character = GER1_fritz_todt
recruit_character = GER1_joachim_von_ribbentrop
recruit_character = GER1_ernst_thalmann
recruit_character = GER1_rudolf_hess
recruit_character = GER1_martin_bormann
recruit_character = GER1_wilhelm_canaris
recruit_character = GER1_joseph_goebbels
recruit_character = GER1_konstantin_von_neurath
recruit_character = GER1_alfred_hugenberg
recruit_character = GER1_kurt_schumacher
recruit_character = GER1_wilhelm_ii
recruit_character = GER1_wilhelm_iii
recruit_character = GER1_victoria
recruit_character = GER1_august_von_mackensen
recruit_character = SOV1_mikhail_kalinin
recruit_character = SOV1_nikita_khrushchyov
recruit_character = SOV1_nikolay_voznesensky
recruit_character = SOV1_lazar_kaganovich
recruit_character = SOV1_genrikh_yagoda
recruit_character = SOV1_nikolay_yezhov
recruit_character = SOV1_lavrenty_beriya
recruit_character = SOV1_vsevolod_merkulov
recruit_character = SOV1_vyacheslav_molotov
recruit_character = SOV1_maksim_litvinov

recruit_character = SOV1_lev_trotsky
recruit_character = SOV1_ivan_smirnov
recruit_character = SOV1_ivar_smilga
recruit_character = SOV1_karl_radek
recruit_character = SOV1_yevgeny_preobrazhensky
recruit_character = SOV1_aleksandr_shlyapnikov
recruit_character = SOV1_nikolay_bukharin
recruit_character = SOV1_aleksey_rykov
recruit_character = SOV1_mikhail_tomsky
recruit_character = SOV1_grigory_sokolnikov
recruit_character = SOV1_grigory_zinovyev
recruit_character = SOV1_lev_kamenev
recruit_character = SOV1_martemyan_ryutin
recruit_character = SOV1_patriarch_sergy
recruit_character = SOV1_aleksandr_kerensky
recruit_character = SOV1_konstantin_rodzayevsky


recruit_character = SOV1_aleksandr_vasilevsky
recruit_character = SOV1_aleksandr_golovanov
recruit_character = SOV1_aleksandr_gorbatov
recruit_character = SOV1_aleksandr_novikov
recruit_character = SOV1_aleksandr_yegorov
recruit_character = SOV1_andrey_grechko
recruit_character = SOV1_andrey_vlaSOV1
recruit_character = SOV1_andrey_yeryomenko
recruit_character = SOV1_arseny_golovko
recruit_character = SOV1_boris_shaposhnikov
recruit_character = SOV1_dmitry_lelyushenko
recruit_character = SOV1_filipp_golikov
recruit_character = SOV1_filipp_oktyabrsky

recruit_character = SOV1_georgy_zakharov
recruit_character = SOV1_georgy_zhukov
recruit_character = SOV1_gordey_levchenko
recruit_character = SOV1_grigory_kulik
recruit_character = SOV1_igor_kurchatov
recruit_character = SOV1_issa_pliyev
recruit_character = SOV1_ivan_chernyakhovsky
recruit_character = SOV1_ivan_fedyuninsky
recruit_character = SOV1_ivan_konev
recruit_character = SOV1_ivan_yumashev
recruit_character = SOV1_kirill_meretskov
recruit_character = SOV1_kirill_moskalenko
recruit_character = SOV1_kliment_voroshilov
recruit_character = SOV1_konstantin_rokosSOV1sky
recruit_character = SOV1_konstantin_vershinin
recruit_character = SOV1_kuzma_galitsky
recruit_character = SOV1_leonid_govorov
recruit_character = SOV1_maksim_purkayev
recruit_character = SOV1_markian_popov
recruit_character = SOV1_maks_reyter
recruit_character = SOV1_mikhail_frinovsky

recruit_character = SOV1_mikhail_tukhachevsky
recruit_character = SOV1_nikandr_chibiSOV1

recruit_character = SOV1_nikolay_berzarin
recruit_character = SOV1_nikolay_vatutin

recruit_character = SOV1_nikolay_kuznetSOV1

recruit_character = SOV1_pavel_rychagov
recruit_character = SOV1_pavel_zhigarev
recruit_character = SOV1_pyotr_smirnov
recruit_character = SOV1_rodion_malinovsky
recruit_character = SOV1_semyon_budyonny
recruit_character = SOV1_semyon_timoshenko
recruit_character = SOV1_sergey_khudyakov
recruit_character = SOV1_sergey_korolyov
recruit_character = SOV1_sergey_rudenko
recruit_character = SOV1_sergey_gorshkov
recruit_character = SOV1_stepan_kraSOV1sky
recruit_character = SOV1_vasily_blyukher
recruit_character = SOV1_vasily_chuykov
recruit_character = SOV1_vasily_kuznetSOV1
recruit_character = SOV1_vladimir_kasatonov
recruit_character = SOV1_vladimir_tributs

recruit_character = SOV1_yakov_cherevichenko
recruit_character = SOV1_yakov_smushkevich

recruit_character = SOV1_vitaly_primakov

1939.1.1 = {

	add_political_power = 1198
	add_command_power = 100
	
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort_2
	complete_national_focus = production_effort_2
	complete_national_focus = infrastructure_effort
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort
	
	oob = "MON_1939"
	set_technology = {
		support_weapons = 1
		gw_artillery = 1
		
		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		
		mass_assault = 1
		pocket_defence = 1
		defence_in_depth = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		concentrated_industry = 1
		concentrated_industry2 = 1
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 20
	fascism = 30
	communism = 50
}

1939.1.1 = {
	add_ideas = {
		limited_conscription
	}

	recruit_character = MON_khorloogiin_choibalsan
	promote_character = MON_khorloogiin_choibalsan
	retire_character = MON_anandyn_amar
}
